timestamps for Beautiful and Accessible Drag and Drop with react-beautiful-dnd **whole course** (#174)
eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes: beautiful-and-accessible-drag-and-drop-with-react-beautiful-dnd-notes/12-react-reorder-columns-with-react-beautiful-dnd.md

## :movie_camera: [Lesson 12](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-reorder-columns-with-react-beautiful-dnd)

<TimeStamp start="0:00" end="0:04">

Now we are going to work on being able to reorder our columns. 

</TimeStamp>

<TimeStamp start="0:58" end="1:06">

Let's start by removing the third column from our `initial-data.js` just to make it easier to work with. 

</TimeStamp>

<TimeStamp start="1:16" end="1:18">

> In `index.js`, Lets import Droppabled from **react-beautiful-dnd**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `index.js`, let's import Droppable from `react-beautiful-dnd`. 
```
